## 4.2 与队列相关的技术 - Queue-Related Technologies
除了 **dispatch queues** 之外，**Grand Central Dispatch** 还提供了几种使用队列来帮助管理代码的技术。表 3-2 列出了这些技术，并提供了可以找到更多关于它们的信息的链接。

Table 3-2  Technologies that use dispatch queues
Technology|Description
-|:-:
Dispatch groups|A dispatch group is a way to monitor a set of block objects for completion. (You can monitor the blocks synchronously or asynchronously depending on your needs.) Groups provide a useful synchronization mechanism for code that depends on the completion of other tasks. For more information about using groups, see [Waiting on Groups of Queued Tasks](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/General/Conceptual/ConcurrencyProgrammingGuide/OperationQueues/OperationQueues.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40008091-CH102-SW25).
Dispatch semaphores|A dispatch semaphore is similar to a traditional semaphore but is generally more efficient. Dispatch semaphores call down to the kernel only when the calling thread needs to be blocked because the semaphore is unavailable. If the semaphore is available, no kernel call is made. For an example of how to use dispatch semaphores, see [Using Dispatch Semaphores to Regulate the Use of Finite Resources](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/General/Conceptual/ConcurrencyProgrammingGuide/OperationQueues/OperationQueues.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40008091-CH102-SW24).
Dispatch sources|A dispatch source generates notifications in response to specific types of system events. You can use dispatch sources to monitor events such as process notifications, signals, and descriptor events among others. When an event occurs, the dispatch source submits your task code asynchronously to the specified dispatch queue for processing. For more information about creating and using dispatch sources, see [Dispatch Sources](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/General/Conceptual/ConcurrencyProgrammingGuide/GCDWorkQueues/GCDWorkQueues.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40008091-CH103-SW1).

